Update ColdWasabi.md (#686)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/ColdWasabi.md

## Daemon tutorial

### Get Requirements

Since the feature is not yet released, we’ll proceed with building Wasabi from source code.
Get [the requirements](/using-wasabi/BuildSource.md#get-the-requirements) and [Wasabi](/using-wasabi/BuildSource.md#get-wasabi).

#### Import the skeleton wallet

Power your Coldcard on a power bank or electricity socket, then unlock it with your pin.
Put in a Micro SD card and go to `Advanced > MicroSD Card > Export Wallet > Wasabi Wallet`.
This will write the public keys, wallet fingerprint, derivation path and other metadata to a skeleton file `new-wallet.json`.

:::warning Protect your public keys!
This file does not include your private keys, so an attacker cannot use it to spend your bitcoin.
However, he can use it to derive a full transaction history, thus it is a potential privacy leak.
:::

Now plug in the SD card to your computer, and open Wasabi Wallet.
Go to the `Hardware Wallet` tab, and click the button `Import Coldcard`, browse to the SD card and select the `new-wallet.json` file.
Wasabi will automatically import and modify this skeleton file and store it in your `Wallets` and `WalletBackups` folders.

### Mix to Another Wallet

> After building Wasabi, open a new terminal and run `dotnet run -- mix --wallet:MyWallet1 --destination:MyWallet2`, where `MyWallet1` is the name of your _hot_ Wasabi Wallet and `MyWallet2` is your fresh imported _cold_ Wallet from Coldcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [daemon](/using-wasabi/Daemon.md) and run `dotnet run -- mix --wallet:MyWallet1 --destination:MyWallet2`, where `MyWallet1` is the name of your _hot_ Wasabi Wallet and `MyWallet2` is your  _cold_ Wallet from Coldcard.
```

`dotnet run` is what you use to build & run Wasabi, `--` is escaping out the argument list of `dotnet` command and tells it to let the software parse the rest of the arguments itself.

> The software is Wasabi and its command is mix .

Reviewer: IMO we don't need this.
```suggestion
```

The software stops when it finishes the mix or if you press `CTRL+C` (`CMD+C` on macOS) to stop it.

> Wasabi CoinJoins normally until your target anonymity set is reached (default 50).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi coinjoins normally until your target anonymity set is reached (default 50).
```

> This number can be changed by editing your `Wallet1.json` file, located inside [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This number can be changed by editing your `Wallet1.json` file, located inside [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder).
```

> After that it starts registering outputs to the CoinJoins from your destination wallet, thus you are slowly and privately CoinJoining your money to your cold wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that it starts registering outputs from the CoinJoin to your destination wallet, thus you are slowly and privately coinjoining your money to your cold wallet.
```
